Replace mailing list promos on main content pages (#4573)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/life-as-a-teacher/age-groups-and-specialisms/age-groups-you-could-teach.md

heading: Age groups you could teach
description: |-
  Explore the key stages and ages you could teach, whether that's primary, secondary, early years, college, or pupils with special educational needs.
cta_mailinglist:
  mailinglist:

>     text: Explore how you can get into teaching primary or secondary, including top tips on making a successful application.

Reviewer: I know this is in prod already but I find `Explore` a bit odd here - you get sent emails, rather than exploring yourself?

Is there a better way to word this?

>     text: Explore how you can get into teaching primary or secondary, including top tips on making a successful application.

Author: ```suggestion
    text: Get free guidance and support on getting into teaching, including learning more about the age groups you could teach.
```
